README.md, before:

# [Blk• Design  System](http://demos.creative-tim.com/blk-design-system/index.html) [![version][version-badge]][CHANGELOG] [![license][license-badge]][LICENSE]

![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creativetimofficial/public-assets/master/blk-design-system/opt_blk_thumbnail.jpg "Blk• Design System")


**[Blk• Design  System](http://demos.creative-tim.com/blk-design-system/index.html)** is a responsive Bootstrap 4 kit provided for free by Creative Tim. It is a beautiful cross-platform UI kit featuring over 70 elements and 3 templates.

Now will help you create a clean and simple website that is a perfect fit for today's black design. It is built using the 12 column grid system, with components designed to fit together perfectly. It makes use of bold colours, beautiful typography, clear photography and spacious arrangements.

## Complex Documentation

Each element is well presented in a very complex documentation. You can read more about the idea behind this design system here. You can check the components here and the foundation here.

## Bootstrap 4 Support

Blk• Design System is built on top of the much awaited Bootstrap 4. This makes starting a new project very simple. It also provides benefits if you are already working on a Bootstrap 4 project; you can just import the Blk• Design System style over it. Most of the elements have been redesigned; but if you are using an element we have not touched, it will fall back to the Bootstrap default.

## Table of contents

* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
* [Example Pages](#example-pages)
* [Documentation](#documentation)
* [Tutorial](#tutorial)
* [File Structure](#file-structure)
* [Browser Support](#browser-support)
* [Technical Support or Questions](#technical-support-or-questions)
* [Useful Links](#useful-links)

## Getting Started

We've also included an optional Gulp file to help you get started with theme customization. You'll need to install Node.js and Gulp before using our included gulpfile.js.

1. Download the project's zip
2. Make sure you have node.js (https://nodejs.org/en/) installed
3. Type `npm install` in terminal/console in the source folder where `package.json` is located
4. You will find all the branding colors inside `assets/scss/blk-design-system/custom/_variables.scss`. You can change them with a `HEX` value or with other predefined variables.
5. Run in terminal `gulp compile-scss` for a single compilation or `gulp watch` for continous compilation of the changes that you make in `*.scss` files. This command should be run in the same folder where `gulpfile.js` and `package.json` are located
6. Run in terminal `gulp default` for opening the Dashboard Page (default) of the product.

## Example Pages

We wanted to fully display the power of this kit, so the kit comes packed with examples showing you how to use the components. Inside the product you will find:

+ [Live Preview](http://demos.creative-tim.com/blk-design-system/index.html)
+ [Profile Page](http://demos.creative-tim.com/blk-design-system/examples/profile-page.html)
+ [Register Page](http://demos.creative-tim.com/blk-design-system/examples/register-page.html)
+ [Landing Page](http://demos.creative-tim.com/blk-design-system/examples/landing-page.html)

## Documentation

The documentation for the Blk• Design System is hosted at our [website](https://demos.creative-tim.com/blk-design-system/docs/1.0/getting-started/overview.html).

## Tutorial

In order for you to easily be able to use the Blk• Design System, we have created a tutorial page. It shows the structure for the files inside the archive and how to import them. It then features every components with a description and example fr how to use it. You can see the details here ().

## Coming soon

- Vue.js
- Angular
- React
- Sketch
- Photoshop

## File Structure

Within the download you'll find the following directories and files:

```
Blk• Design System
.
├── CHANGELOG.md
├── README.md
├── assets/
│   ├── css/
│   │   ├── blk-design-system.css
│   │   ├── blk-design-system.css.map
│   │   ├── blk-design-system.min.css
│   │   └── nucleo-icons.css
│   ├── demo/
│   ├── fonts/
│   ├── img/
│   ├── js/
│   │   ├── blk-design-system.js
│   │   ├── blk-design-system.js.map
│   │   ├── blk-design-system.min.js
│   │   ├── core/
│   │   │   ├── bootstrap.min.js
│   │   │   ├── jquery.min.js
│   │   │   └── popper.min.js
│   │   └── plugins/
│   └── scss/
│       ├── blk-design-system/
│       │   ├── bootstrap/
│       │   │   ├── mixins/
│       │   │   └── utilities/
│       │   └── custom/
│       │       ├── cards/
│       │       ├── mixins/
│       │       ├── sections/
│       │       ├── utilities/
│       │       └── vendor/
│       └── blk-design-system.scss
├── docs/
│   └── documentation.html
├── examples/
│   ├── landing-page.html
│   ├── profile-page.html
│   └── register-page.html
├── gulpfile.js
├── index.html
└── package.json
```

## Browser Support

At present, we officially aim to support the last two versions of the following browsers:

<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/chrome.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/firefox.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/edge.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/safari.png" width="64" height="64">

## Technical Support or Questions

If you have questions or need help integrating the product please [contact us](https://www.creative-tim.com/contact-us) instead of opening an issue.

## Useful Links

- More products from Creative Tim: <https://www.creative-tim.com/bootstrap-themes>

- Tutorials: <https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVyTG4sCw-rOvB9oHkzZD1w>

- Freebies: <http://www.creative-tim.com/products>

- Affiliate Program (earn money): <http://www.creative-tim.com/affiliates/new>

## Social Media:

* Twitter: <https://twitter.com/CreativeTim>

* Facebook: <https://www.facebook.com/CreativeTim>

* Dribbble: <https://dribbble.com/creativetim>

* Google+: <https://plus.google.com/+CreativetimPage>

* Instagram: <https://instagram.com/creativetimofficial>

[CHANGELOG]: ./CHANGELOG.md
[LICENSE]: ./LICENSE
[version-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg

Commit message:

Add project setup to the readme

README.md, after:

# Project setup
You need to install the dependencies using composer. If you do not have installed you can download it in this [website].(https://getcomposer.org/). Once you have composer installed, update your dependencies
```
$ composer update
```
Once the dependencies are installed you can start the project using PHP
```
php -S localhost:8000
```


# [Blk• Design  System](http://demos.creative-tim.com/blk-design-system/index.html) [![version][version-badge]][CHANGELOG] [![license][license-badge]][LICENSE]

![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creativetimofficial/public-assets/master/blk-design-system/opt_blk_thumbnail.jpg "Blk• Design System")


**[Blk• Design  System](http://demos.creative-tim.com/blk-design-system/index.html)** is a responsive Bootstrap 4 kit provided for free by Creative Tim. It is a beautiful cross-platform UI kit featuring over 70 elements and 3 templates.

Now will help you create a clean and simple website that is a perfect fit for today's black design. It is built using the 12 column grid system, with components designed to fit together perfectly. It makes use of bold colours, beautiful typography, clear photography and spacious arrangements.

## Complex Documentation

Each element is well presented in a very complex documentation. You can read more about the idea behind this design system here. You can check the components here and the foundation here.

## Bootstrap 4 Support

Blk• Design System is built on top of the much awaited Bootstrap 4. This makes starting a new project very simple. It also provides benefits if you are already working on a Bootstrap 4 project; you can just import the Blk• Design System style over it. Most of the elements have been redesigned; but if you are using an element we have not touched, it will fall back to the Bootstrap default.

## Table of contents

* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
* [Example Pages](#example-pages)
* [Documentation](#documentation)
* [Tutorial](#tutorial)
* [File Structure](#file-structure)
* [Browser Support](#browser-support)
* [Technical Support or Questions](#technical-support-or-questions)
* [Useful Links](#useful-links)

## Getting Started

We've also included an optional Gulp file to help you get started with theme customization. You'll need to install Node.js and Gulp before using our included gulpfile.js.

1. Download the project's zip
2. Make sure you have node.js (https://nodejs.org/en/) installed
3. Type `npm install` in terminal/console in the source folder where `package.json` is located
4. You will find all the branding colors inside `assets/scss/blk-design-system/custom/_variables.scss`. You can change them with a `HEX` value or with other predefined variables.
5. Run in terminal `gulp compile-scss` for a single compilation or `gulp watch` for continous compilation of the changes that you make in `*.scss` files. This command should be run in the same folder where `gulpfile.js` and `package.json` are located
6. Run in terminal `gulp default` for opening the Dashboard Page (default) of the product.

## Example Pages

We wanted to fully display the power of this kit, so the kit comes packed with examples showing you how to use the components. Inside the product you will find:

+ [Live Preview](http://demos.creative-tim.com/blk-design-system/index.html)
+ [Profile Page](http://demos.creative-tim.com/blk-design-system/examples/profile-page.html)
+ [Register Page](http://demos.creative-tim.com/blk-design-system/examples/register-page.html)
+ [Landing Page](http://demos.creative-tim.com/blk-design-system/examples/landing-page.html)

## Documentation

The documentation for the Blk• Design System is hosted at our [website](https://demos.creative-tim.com/blk-design-system/docs/1.0/getting-started/overview.html).

## Tutorial

In order for you to easily be able to use the Blk• Design System, we have created a tutorial page. It shows the structure for the files inside the archive and how to import them. It then features every components with a description and example fr how to use it. You can see the details here ().

## Coming soon

- Vue.js
- Angular
- React
- Sketch
- Photoshop

## File Structure

Within the download you'll find the following directories and files:

```
Blk• Design System
.
├── CHANGELOG.md
├── README.md
├── assets/
│   ├── css/
│   │   ├── blk-design-system.css
│   │   ├── blk-design-system.css.map
│   │   ├── blk-design-system.min.css
│   │   └── nucleo-icons.css
│   ├── demo/
│   ├── fonts/
│   ├── img/
│   ├── js/
│   │   ├── blk-design-system.js
│   │   ├── blk-design-system.js.map
│   │   ├── blk-design-system.min.js
│   │   ├── core/
│   │   │   ├── bootstrap.min.js
│   │   │   ├── jquery.min.js
│   │   │   └── popper.min.js
│   │   └── plugins/
│   └── scss/
│       ├── blk-design-system/
│       │   ├── bootstrap/
│       │   │   ├── mixins/
│       │   │   └── utilities/
│       │   └── custom/
│       │       ├── cards/
│       │       ├── mixins/
│       │       ├── sections/
│       │       ├── utilities/
│       │       └── vendor/
│       └── blk-design-system.scss
├── docs/
│   └── documentation.html
├── examples/
│   ├── landing-page.html
│   ├── profile-page.html
│   └── register-page.html
├── gulpfile.js
├── index.html
└── package.json
```

## Browser Support

At present, we officially aim to support the last two versions of the following browsers:

<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/chrome.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/firefox.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/edge.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/safari.png" width="64" height="64">

## Technical Support or Questions

If you have questions or need help integrating the product please [contact us](https://www.creative-tim.com/contact-us) instead of opening an issue.

## Useful Links

- More products from Creative Tim: <https://www.creative-tim.com/bootstrap-themes>

- Tutorials: <https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVyTG4sCw-rOvB9oHkzZD1w>

- Freebies: <http://www.creative-tim.com/products>

- Affiliate Program (earn money): <http://www.creative-tim.com/affiliates/new>

## Social Media:

* Twitter: <https://twitter.com/CreativeTim>

* Facebook: <https://www.facebook.com/CreativeTim>

* Dribbble: <https://dribbble.com/creativetim>

* Google+: <https://plus.google.com/+CreativetimPage>

* Instagram: <https://instagram.com/creativetimofficial>

[CHANGELOG]: ./CHANGELOG.md
[LICENSE]: ./LICENSE
[version-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
